Clean up E0207 explanation (#68412)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0207.md

> A type or lifetime parameter of `impl` isn't constrained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type or lifetime parameter that is specified for `impl` is not constrained.
```
